Hear For You Team Contract
 
 
Step 1: Discuss.
 
 
 What would we have to actively do to make this team project suck?

As little communication as possible with as much procrastination as possible for every member. We would change each other’s code. Commit after every line of code and beg to have it merged. 








Therefore, what do we agree to actively do to make this a fun and fruitful team?
Note: do not just say “we won’t do the things listed above”

We will communicate with any problems or new ideas we have. We will ask before trying to change other’s work. We will work in way where a commit will bring significance to the project and not after every line. All work will be divided evenly.
 

Step 2. Decide. These are the terms of group conduct and cooperation that we agree on as a team.
 
Team Name: Hear For You

Team Meetings: We agree to meet during class time and after either in the class room, FedEx Building, or discord, 2 to 3 times a week.
 

 



Communication: We agree to....
 
 Will you use text, email, GroupMe, Slack, something else? How often should team members check this channel of communication? How soon do team members expect a reply?
We will communicate through discord. Teammates should check the chat every few hours.



Team Manager: We agree to have Matt to set meeting agendas, Kelsey take notes during meetings, Tommy to store physical artifacts, and Issac will be the communication manager. We all have access to the time sheet, so we are all responsible.
 

 
 

 

Conflict: We do not anticipate any disagreements within the group. We agree to have majority rules to decide any disagreements.
 
 What disagreements do you anticipate? What will you do when there is disagreement on the team? How will your team make decisions? Unanimous vote? Majority rules? The team leader decides?
 



 
 Consequences: We agree to have a team discussion explaining our problems with the teammate. The first time will come with a warning. If further action is needed, the teammate will be reported to a professor or to our sponsor.

 
 
 
 
Team Member’s Name	Team Member’s Signature
 Tommy Branyan	     Thomas Branyan
 Isaac Albonetti	 Isaac Albonetti
 Matthew McMeans	Matthew McMeans
 Kelsey Evans     Kelsey Evans

